bzl+doc: improve and document how to write a server integration test (#53673)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/bazel/server_integration_tests.md

You're free to pick whatever language you want to write a test, as long as it is built and runnable by Bazel. It can be a shell script, Go code or 
NodeJs code. You can check the other wrapping scripts for examples for each of those. 

There are two crucial elements to respect for a working test runner script: 

- Your test runner, the binary that the wrapper we're writing here is calling, _must_ allow for the Sourcegraph URL to be configured. Otherwise we cannot run these server tests concurrently. 
- The `args` attributes you passed in the `server_integration_test` are not the first arguments for this script. The first two arguments are the image tarball and the container name. This means that any argument you passed will be availble, starting at `$3` and so on. 

Here is an example: 

```
#!/usr/bin/env bash

# Exit if any command exits with non-zero or if any variable is undefined 
set -eu

# Load the helper script, providing the plumbing to set up and tear down the container image.
source ./testing/tools/integration_runner.sh || exit 1

# We're getting those values from the `args` attribute. The first two ones are always provided by the 

> # `server_integration_test` macro. It's a bit unconvenient, as the numbering starts at $3 for your arguments,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `server_integration_test` macro. It's a bit inconvenient and awkward, as the numbering starts at $3 for your arguments,
```

# but we'll revisit this at some point.
tarball="$1"
image_name="$2"

# So here, are your own `args` you defined. In our case, it's just the `footest` binary.
footest="$3"

# Define at which URL the server will be listening to
url="http://localhost:$PORT"

# If you need to use a different name for environment variables, you can do it here. 

> # Typically, this is because we're exposing a secret with a different name that the one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Typically, this is because we're exposing a secret with a different name than the one
```
